feat: [IDP]: Added the docs for sysdig plugin (#8221)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/plugins/available-plugins/sysdig.md

---
title: Sysdig
description: Generate security reports using Sysdig Secure
---

| Plugin details |                                                                                |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Created by** | [Sysdig](https://sysdig.com/)                                                  |
| **Category**   | Security                                                                       |
| **Source**     | [GitHub](https://github.com/sysdiglabs/backstage-plugin-sysdig)                |
| **Type**       | Open-source plugin                                                             |

## Configuration

### Application configuration YAML

> - Under the **Plugins** tab in **Admin**, go to `app-config.yaml` and **Edit YAML** to configure your [Sysdig Secure Endpoint (region for SaS)](https://docs.sysdig.com/en/docs/administration/saas-regions-and-ip-ranges/) in the **target** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under the **Plugins** tab in **Admin**, go to `app-config.yaml` and **Edit YAML** to configure your [Sysdig Secure Endpoint (region for SaaS)](https://docs.sysdig.com/en/docs/administration/saas-regions-and-ip-ranges/) in the **target** field.
```

![](./static/sysdig-configuration.png)

### Secrets

- **Create secret in Harness** to store API token, click on “New Secret Text” and enter values to your Sysdig Secure API Token to set `SYSDIG_SECURE_TOKEN` as shown below.

![](./static/create-secret-sq.png)

### Delegate proxy

> - If Sysdig is behind a firewall, eg.,`sysdig.mycompany.com` will not be accessible from outside, so a delegate proxy has to be selected. Please ensure you have [Harness Delegate installed](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/overview) for the same. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your Sysdig instance is behind a firewall, e.g.,`sysdig.mycompany.com` will not be accessible directly from Harness SaaS clusters, a delegate proxy has to be setup. Please ensure you have [Harness Delegate installed](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/install-delegates/overview) for the same. 
```

![](./static/sysdig-delegate.png)

## Layout

This plugin exports a tab that you can show under the **Sysdig** tab for  a service. The following configuration is set by default in **Layout** under **Admin** for **Catalog Entities -> Service** and you do not need to change anything:

```YAML
- name: Sysdig
    path: /sysdig
    title: Sysdig
    contents:
    - component: SysdigPage

> ```

Reviewer: Please check the indentation. Doesn't look right to me.
